Issue15597 sensor manager size (#7958)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_STATE_SECURITY_REQ` can be used to enable this feature.
  The option can be used for both Bluetooth Peripheral and Bluetooth Central.

* :ref:`caf_sensor_manager`:

>   * Changed to not use floats to calculate if the sensor trigger is activated.
>     Also, data sent to :c:struct:`sensor_event` uses :c:struct:`sensor_value` instead of float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * No longer uses floats to calculate and determine if the sensor trigger is activated.
    This is because the float uses more space.
    Also, data sent to :c:struct:`sensor_event` uses :c:struct:`sensor_value` instead of float.
```

  The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_STATE_SECURITY_REQ` can be used to enable this feature.
  The option can be used for both Bluetooth Peripheral and Bluetooth Central.

* :ref:`caf_sensor_manager` does not use floats to calculate if trigger should be released.

>   Also data send in :c:struct:`sensor_event` is using :c:struct:`sensor_value` istead of float.

Reviewer: Any reason for this change that should be documented?

>   Also data send in :c:struct:`sensor_event` is using :c:struct:`sensor_value` istead of float.

Author: Using float uses more space and it is not needed.
